Python: Flask: Identify body contents passed via named response parameter in invocations of Response constructor (#8601)
github/codeql: python/ql/lib/change-notes/2022-03-30-flask-recognize-body-param.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * The body content of those Flask `Response` objects which were constructed by explicitly referring to the `response` parameter is now detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved modeling of Flask `Response` objects, so passing a response body with the keyword argument `response` is now recognized.
```
